RHDEVDOCS-3619: Update the creating applications flow as per the latest UI changes (#41972)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-importing-codebase-from-git-to-create-application.adoc

. After the Git URL is validated, the recommended builder image is selected and marked with a star. If the builder image is not auto-detected, select a builder image. For the `https://github.com/sclorg/nodejs-ex` Git URL, by default the Node.js builder image is selected.
.. Optional: Use the *Builder Image Version* drop-down to specify a version.
.. Optional: Use the *Edit import strategy* to select a different strategy.

> .. Optional: For Node builder image, use the **Run command** field to override the command to run the application.

Reviewer: We call it "Node.js application" above, and based on their website this is how Node.js calls theirself.

```suggestion
.. Optional: For Node.js builder image, use the **Run command** field to override the command to run the application.
```

. In the *Pipelines* section, select *Add Pipeline*, and then click *Show Pipeline Visualization* to see the pipeline for the application.

> . In the *Advanced Options* section, the *Target port* and the *Create a route to the application* is selected by default so that you can access your application using a publicly available URL. You can change the target port if your application uses a different port to expose their data. You can clear the check box if you do not want to expose your application on a public route.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Optional: In the *Advanced Options* section, the *Target port* and the *Create a route to the application* is selected by default so that you can access your application using a publicly available URL. This URL uses port [TBD? 80?] by default. 
+
If your application does not expose its data on the default public port, 80, clear the [name of] check box, and set the target port number by [doing TBD]
```
I don't know the operation, but I have the impression it might help to expand it a bit more. This suggestion is a pure guess of what this might look like. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Otherwise: 
- It looks like you might be using "their" as a gender-neutral possessive for the application, a single inanimate object. Is this anthropomorphism? How about using "its" instead? 
- If the user makes a choice based on a condition, "If...then", does putting the "if" condition first make that choice easier for the user to understand?

> . In the *Advanced Options* section, the *Target port* and the *Create a route to the application* is selected by default so that you can access your application using a publicly available URL on a specific target port. You can change the target port if you want to expose your application on a different port. You can clear the check box if you do not want to expose your application on a public route.

Reviewer: The target port doesn't change the external "public available URL" port. It changes the port where the application (container) exposes their data and which will be then connected/proxied by the Service.

Based on your change I would recommend something like this:

```suggestion
. In the *Advanced Options* section, the *Target port* and the *Create a route to the application* is selected by default so that you can access your application using a publicly available URL. You can change the target port if your application uses a different port to expose their data. You can clear the check box if you do not want to expose your application on a public route.
```

. In the *Pipelines* section, select *Add Pipeline*, and then click *Show Pipeline Visualization* to see the pipeline for the application.

. Optional: In the *Advanced Options* section, the *Target port* and the *Create a route to the application* is selected by default so that you can access your application using a publicly available URL.
+

> If your application does not expose its data on the default public port, 80, clear the check box, and set the target port number as the port number you want to expose.

Reviewer 2: How does one set the target port number? By appending it to the URL, or is there a field where one must enter the port number?

Author: There is a field where one must enter the port number.

> If your application does not expose its data on the default public port, 80, clear the check box, and set the target port number as the port number you want to expose.

Reviewer 3: ...and set the target port number as the port number you want to expose.
Will the technical meaning of the above part change if we wrote this as: ...and set the target port number you want to expose.

Author: Nope, it won't.

Labels::
Click the *Labels* link to add custom labels to your application.

> . Click *Create* to create the application and a toast notification is displayed. You can see its build status in the *Topology* view.

Reviewer 3: 'a toast notification is displayed' - the description of the type of notification is a background UI detail that does not add much value to the user. What would make sense to the user is something like, 'a success notification is displayed'.
Now that it is a separate sentence, suggest: You can see its build status.../You can see the build status of the application...
